Add "Preview" to Pull Request template (#3528)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Fixes #

> <!-- If significant changes to the documentation are made, please inset the link to the documentation page after it has been build. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If significant changes to the documentation are made, please insert the link to the documentation page after it has been built. -->
```
